Today's appointment has expired.
This farce between you and Lin Feng should be explained to everyone.
Master Fengxiang is talking online, your relative Lin Feng,
I decided to pay him 1 billion alone, to put it bluntly,
Really who? You're welcome.
I am our and your father's wish,
I can't let it be in your hands like this. Let me take a look.
How do you know how long it will take to be dismissed?
He has a good job and is a responsible person.
On the other hand, you have to think at a young age.
Being deceived by Lin Feng, a villain,
That's pitiful.
Please rest assured
As long as I smoke a set of dishes
This is an actual order
It's still my water thing
As long as I am alone
Just act sensible
The contract sounds
Mr. Zhou is not the young talent Xu Mengyang we have seen
Why don't you give up?
I hope you tell the truth in these things
can have these
This is not children's play house
I don’t understand that I have the power to remove
A CEO who cannot lead the company forward
We don't need to listen to your opinion. Let's get up.
this location
You are not allowed to do anything complicated